def main():
    title = "Bitcoin: The Tower of Babel—A Flawed Structure Built on Illusions"

    summary = [
        "1. 21 Million Cap:",
        "   - The decision to cap Bitcoin at 21 million coins is solely Satoshi Nakamoto's choice. "
        "There is no mathematical or analytical basis for this number; it was a design decision "
        "without specific justification.",
        
        "2. Unequal Rewards:",
        "   - Early miners received 50 BTC per block, while current miners receive only 6.25 BTC per block. "
        "This represents an 87.5% reduction in rewards compared to the initial mining period, leading to "
        "significant unfairness in wealth distribution.",
        
        "3. Unfair Coin Allocation:",
        "   - The allocation of coins to various wallets in the early stages was arbitrary and has contributed "
        "to an unequal distribution of wealth. Many early coins remain unspent, which further skews the fairness of the system.",
        
        "4. Money Creation from Mining:",
        "   - Miners create new Bitcoin as rewards for validating transactions, effectively generating money out of thin air. "
        "This process does not have a physical backing, similar to how traditional currencies might be supported by gold or other assets.",
        "   - While miners incur costs for electricity and computing power, the amount of Bitcoin awarded does not directly "
        "correspond to these expenses. There is no guaranteed compensation for the resources used, and the value of the newly created coins is not necessarily justified by the costs of mining.",
        
        "5. Potential for Exploitation:",
        "   - The system is vulnerable to manipulation. With sufficient computational power, an entity could execute a 51% attack, "
        "where a miner or group of miners controls more than half of the network's hashing power. This would allow them to validate fraudulent transactions, create double spending, and dislodge the existing blockchain.",
        "   - Such a scenario requires significant resources and expertise, making it a risk for the network's integrity if someone with malicious intent and adequate capital decided to exploit it.",
        
        "6. Resource Consumption:",
        "   - Bitcoin mining consumes significant energy and resources, raising concerns about its environmental impact. "
        "This is particularly concerning in poorer countries where energy consumption may not be regulated and where waste management standards are lacking. "
        "The misuse and waste of electricity in these regions could exacerbate existing issues, potentially leading to hunger crises and social instability.",
        
        "7. Store of Value Issues:",
        "   - Bitcoin's high resource demands and unequal distribution raise questions about its sustainability and effectiveness as a reliable store of value.",
        
        "Conclusion:",
        "The cap of 21 million coins is a subjective decision made by Satoshi Nakamoto without mathematical backing. "
        "The unequal rewards for early versus current miners, the arbitrary allocation of coins, and the creation of new Bitcoin without physical backing contribute to a system that many view as unfair. "
        "Additionally, the potential for exploitation through a 51% attack poses significant risks to the integrity of the network. "
        "The high energy consumption associated with Bitcoin mining also raises serious concerns, especially in poorer countries where this could lead to misuse of resources and social instability. "
        "These factors, along with Bitcoin's resource consumption, challenge its status as a sustainable store of value."
    ]

    print(title)
    print("\n" + "=" * len(title) + "\n")
    for line in summary:
        print(line)


if __name__ == "__main__":
    main()
